Feature/pdf (#83)
cybex-gmbh/transmorpher: README.md

# Transmorpher Media Server

> A media server for images, pdfs and videos.

Reviewer: pdfs or documents? theres a discrepancy to the code, but it might be intented as it only supports pdfs right now.

Author: We are talking about pdfs in the readme since it's the only document type supported right now. In the code it's `Document` everywhere, so we don't have to change it later on.

The [Laravel Transmorpher Client](https://github.com/cybex-gmbh/laravel-transmorpher-client) will receive this information and store it. It can also create URLs with
transformations.

## PDF handling

Requesting a PDF file will return the document.
Metadata can be removed optionally by setting the `.env` key: 

```dotenv
TRANSMORPHER_DOCUMENT_REMOVE_METADATA=true
```

### Images

When an image format transformation is specified, an image of a page will be returned.

> All available image transformations can also be applied to PDF image derivatives.
> Requesting a PDF also follows the same URL structure as images, just replace `images` with `documents`.
> 
> The page which should be used as image can be specified with the `p` transformation.
> Otherwise, the first page will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using the `p` transformation, you can specify the page to be exported.
If no according transformation has been given, the first page will be used instead.

All available image transformations can also be applied to PDF image derivatives.
Requesting a PDF also follows the same URL structure as images, just replace `images` with `documents`.
```

unnecessary bouncing between topics. would switch the lower 2 paragraphs
line 389: create images of an page
line 391: apply transformations
line 394: specify page

if you want to keep your text, it probably should be "the page `that` should be used as `an` image"....

Author: Changed it to your version for better flow.

Additionally, the pixels per inch can be specified with the `ppi` transformation.
This will define the resolution of the image generated from the PDF.
By default, 300 ppi is used.
Use the `.env` key to specify another default:

```dotenv
TRANSMORPHER_DOCUMENT_DEFAULT_PPI=100

> ```

Reviewer: same as in .env.example probably. or even explain what it does and what would happen if you changed it to a lower or higher value. also, resolution typically defines the total amount of pixels on the according axis. ppi is basically pixel density.

depending on the background and reading comprehension, someone might expect an image with 300 pixels on whatever axis, but not an image with a resolution of 3000 pixels, which is absolutely would be a possible result.

Author: Adjusted the default value and changed the wording.

#### Companion App

> A demonstration app, which implements the client package, is booted with PullPreview and available at the PullPreview root URL. The Transmorpher media server runs as `transmorpher.` subdomain. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A demonstration app, which implements the client package, is booted with PullPreview and available at the PullPreview root URL. The Transmorpher media server runs under the `transmorpher.` subdomain. 
```

Author: done.
